[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Tim, a tactical
advisor from Germany,
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
and contact with Earth.
Also joining us today
is Richard Doty,
a retired
counterintelligence agent
who served in the
Air Force Office
of Special Investigations.
Welcome, gentlemen.
>>TIM: Thank you.
>>RICHARD DOTY: Thank you.
>>EMERY: Now, we know
about the Roswell crash
and the Corona and San
Antonio crashes in the 1940s.
And Tim, I know you
have some information
you'd like to share about that.
>>TIM: Yeah.
You know, Corona and Roswell
and all the other things
that happened in North America
are pretty much way back
in history, to me at least.
And it wasn't too important.
But I had-- I was in contact
with two species that
might or might not have been
influences on this scenario
and what happened in New Mexico.
I'm super interested
to learn from Richard
what he knows from documents
and also his own experience.
So my theory is that we are--
because so many people have
seen something, and there are
documents all over the place,
and people are--
I think they are describing
two Grey beings, which
are essentially different
from each other,
but they both had
some kind of incident,
and maybe even some
relation to that.
So that's my theory.
>>EMERY: And Rick,
we kind of do know
there's multiple sites,
like seven of them at least,
of these crash sites.
And I think we
should also go over
the different types
of extraterrestrials
and these different sites.
Because I think people see
Roswell as just one crash site,
one species of
beings and that's it.
What could you share with us?
>>DOTY: Well, in 1979 I was
briefed into the program,
Project Aquarius, where I
learned of the Roswell crash
site, the Corona crash site,
the Horse Mesa crash site,
the Kingman crash site, the
possible San Antonio crash
site, the--
and some in Nevada.
But in Roswell,
and what happened,
and what I read in documents,
and what I actually
saw in a recovery film,
a United States Army
film that was taken
at the time period,
was that there were two
Eben crafts flying over New
Mexico in July of 1947.
They were on a
reconnaissance mission.
But it was during
an electrical storm.
And because of this
electrical storm,
it was a very violent
electrical storm--
now, you've got to understand
that even though these two Eben
crafts are flying
in our atmosphere,
and they're highly
advanced in the technology,
they weren't accustomed
to lightning.
There wasn't any
lightning on their planet.
So what happened was it
disrupted some instruments,
and the two craft collided in
midair, one landing near Corona
in Mexico with a debris
trail that went south.
And the other craft
landed miles away,
west of Socorro, New
Mexico in Horse Mesa.
>>EMERY: How large
were these craft?
>>DOTY: These crafts were
30, 35 feet in diameter.
The first crash site near Corona
was found almost immediately.
It was found maybe
a day or two later
by an archaeological team.
The debris trail, which
was the antenna that
connected to the Corona
craft, crashed in a ranch.
Jesse Marcel and that group
was responsible for recovering
the debris trail.
Now, the debris trail
and the actual craft
are two different things.
They were some miles away.
The archaeological team found
the crash site, immediately
notified the local Sheriff.
A Sheriff and state police
responded to that scene,
along-- and they immediately
notified the army
at Kirtland Field
in Albuquerque.
One live ET was found--
that was EBE 1--
and there was five dead ETs.
The crash site west of here,
Horse Mesa, west of Socorro,
wasn't found for two years.
It crashed in a very remote
area of New Mexico not used
for anything.
In 1949, a rancher
was moving his cattle
from a lower pasture
to a higher pasture
and discovered the crash site.
All the ETs were
dead and highly--
their bodies were decayed.
That crash site was reported
to the Catron County Sheriff's
Department.
Because of the
distance involved,
it took him several
days to get there.
And eventually, he had to drive
back to notify the authorities.
At that time, in
1949, the Air Force
existed, Kirtland
Air Force Base.
So the Air Force responded from,
again, Albuquerque and also
from Los Alamos.
Because remember, we had
a live ET at Los Alamos.
They went down, recovered that
crash, excavated that site.
>>EMERY: What species
did they claim it?
>>DOTY: They were both Ebens.
There was the same exact craft.
The technology was
exactly the same.
Now, jump ahead to the San
Antonio craft crash site.
Now, there's a lot of conjecture
in the San Antonio site.
Some people said it was a
military plane that crashed.
There's been a book written,
"Trinity," very well-written
book about that it was a ET.
There were some kids that had
actually responded and saw it.
There were bodies there.
There was a recovery.
That recovery went to Roswell--
Walker Air Force
Base at the time.
Now, there was also a craft--
a crash in Kingman, Arizona.
Now, that craft was entirely
different than the one
that crashed and recovered at
both Corona and Horse Mesa--
different also from the one that
crashed at San Antonio or south
of San Antonio.
So now we got at least
three separate ET races
that we recovered, and again,
three distinct technologies.
The Corona was different
than the San Antonio, which
was different than the Kingman.
>>EMERY: What did the
Kingman craft look like?
>>DOTY: The Kingman craft
was more oval-shaped.
It was very thick because the
bodies found at the Kingman
craft were taller.
I don't exactly
know the dimensions,
but they were over five
feet, larger than the Ebens
that were found in
the other craft.
>>EMERY: Maybe these
are Greys, or--
>>DOTY: They could
possibly be Greys.
I would be interested
to hear what Tim
would have to say about that.
And then there were
some other crashes
that occurred in Nevada
and one in Colorado.
The two in Nevada, which I'll
talk about a little bit later--
well, I'll go into
great details on that.
But I'm interested to hear what
Tim would say about the three
distinct ET races.
>>TIM: Interesting.
I didn't go into a lot
of files and documents
about Roswell and
the other crash sites
because it was kind of in
the beginning of everything.
And also, because of
where I'm coming from,
these are things that happened
in North America might not
be that interesting.
But here's my take
on that, as someone
who has done research
on at least two species,
Greyish species.
I've seen people or
read some people that
have different descriptions
on different beings,
different Grey beings.
Sometimes the number of
fingers is different.
Sometimes they describe
them differently.
So my theory is-- and I know
that two Greyish species,
and we're talking the Ebens and
what I would refer to as Greys,
they were at war at
that particular time.
They had a conflict that
took like, I don't know,
5,000 or more years.
Because they, in
some way or another,
they do inhabit the same
star system of Orion.
They seem to be connected
through some kind
of evolutionary path,
which means the Ebens
and the Greys are some
relatives to each other.
But the Greys have
this, you could
say, mindset that they want to
remove every trace of genetics
from the past, and only keep
one successful main master
line of genetics.
And that has resulted in a
terrible, terrible conflict.
While the Ebens, as a
biological entity or species,
wanted to survive,
wanted to have
their own right in evolution.
And the Greys saying, no,
we have one master line
that seems to be more
stable than yours.
So they got into conflict.
And at that time--
and the conflict,
to my knowledge,
ended very recently, like
two, three, four years ago.
At that time, they
were in conflict.
And I have this
theory that the Ebens
were some kind of explorer,
explorative species,
doing a non-invasive
observation mission on Earth.
And something brought them down.
We all know this is a
terrible thunder or something.
And the Greys have this
technology in order
to use weather
phenomena as a weapon.
So even if they were--
addressed that, and they were
kind of secretive to that,
I think because the conflict
ended, maybe that's the reason.
I don't know.
But I could think
that or imagine
that they used this technology
in order to bring down
some of the ships
from the Ebens,
because they knew
that this would
have a massive impact on the
current timeline of humanity,
and even get around some
kind of non-invasive
regulations, getting not
too much into contact
with humanity, and shooting
down different species,
which they were
at war at anyway.
So that this kind of
timeline and the importance
of that kind of kicked in.
>>EMERY: So Tim, we have
all these beings traveling
light years to
Earth, and they're
getting taken out by lightning.
How is that possible?
I mean, they're so advanced.
>>TIM: That is the exact
question that came into my mind
as well, Emery.
Because I think-- from what
we know is that the Ebens,
they observed this planet
for thousands of years.
And they also have the
technology to overcome gravity
and to travel into space.
Why would they be affected by
a lightning storm that much?
And I have no answer to that.
I'm curious to know
what Richard knows.
I can only say that those
two species were at war.
And I think it would be super--
like super beneficial
for the Greys
to introduce or to force some
kind of contact from the Ebens
to humanity.
That's my take on it.
>>EMERY: Rick, what do
you think about that?
>>DOTY: Well, one of the
things we did at the Institute
for Advanced Studies was--
Dr. Puthoff at that institute
was in theoretical physics.
And one of the
questions was posed
to them was exactly how can
a species travel thousands
of light years or
hundreds of light years
to our atmosphere
at Earth and crash
because of lightning or some
other weather phenomena?
And Dr. Puthoff wrote
a whole paper about it,
how our weather, our physics
can affect a craft coming
from another place.
Now, one thing you've
got to understand
is we don't understand--
especially at that time,
we don't understand
what their physics is.
We don't understand what their
material that their craft
was made of, how it's
affected by our environment,
by our weather, by our
atmosphere, or by our soil.
And so what happened was
when these two crafts are
over New Mexico during a
violent thunderstorm-- now,
everyone knows, if you studied
anything about New Mexico
weather, and having lived
there for a number of years,
I know the lightning
storms are atrocious.
>>EMERY: They are.
>>DOTY: They can be the worst
of any state or any place.
And this was one of the
worst in July of 1947.
And these crafts
just happened to be--
as Hal would have put
it-- in the wrong place
at the wrong time.
And they were both struck,
and their instrumentations
were basically fried.
And they weren't
able to navigate--
and I'm saying this
in layman's terms--
navigate properly
and they collided.
Now, there's force fields
within their crafts.
There's anti-matter pods
and all sorts of things
that we didn't understand.
But they went haywire, and
that's how those two collided.
>>EMERY: So we've spoken about
these crashes in the '40s.
And they could have
came out back then
to the public and
allowed everyone
to know, hey, this
is what's going on.
It could have been
a great opportunity.
But now it's still
kind of in a secret.
But it is leading into the
future of the media coming out
and the military
and the governments.
So why is that?
>>TIM: I think the importance of
Roswell and Corona, New Mexico
and several other sites
and incidents is huge.
I think also that in
terms of communicating
with different
species, that they also
acknowledge that the importance
of Roswell and Corona is huge.
What I think is
that in the 1940s,
people, especially
the military, were not
prepared for what happened.
They were in midst
of a global Cold War,
coming from a World War,
having the situation
that some of the Nazis
did escape, which
was enough to talk about that.
But then appearing-- having
a UFO appear somewhere
in New Mexico brings a
whole new level to that.
And I think a lot
of decisions that
have been taken at that time
pretty much were fear-based,
and also some kind
of misunderstanding
what manhood needs to do and
how to stand up for that.
And I think now, with all
the information that people
have collected over decades,
we're now at the point
where people are understanding
everything pretty good.
What we now right
at the moment see
with all the events
that took place--
the Nimitz, Tic
Tacs, and stuff--
I think that we'll see a
revisiting of that incident
while behaving the
way people should
have behaved in the '40s.
They acknowledge that.
They bring that into
mainstream media.
They build like a expert group.
They bring it to Pentagon, and
they spread the information
and acknowledge that
we're still learning.
>>EMERY: Right.
Rick, what do you
think in intelligence?
You hear about disinformation.
You know how the
government works.
So where do you think this
was leading with Roswell up
until now, today, with
all the excitement
of these new craft being seen?
>>DOTY: Well, in 1947, or
even going back to '45, '45,
the war was just ending,
towards the end of the war.
'47, we were in the
beginning of the Cold War.
There was certainly a lot of
counterintelligence experts
out there still.
I mean, we had
counterintelligence--
I mean, you can go
back to World War
I we had counterintelligence.
So we've always had
counterintelligence,
or what the public would
look at is disinformation.
I mean, we ran a number
of great operations
during World War I and II.
And now, here it is in 1947,
a craft crashes in Roswell.
The military doesn't know where
it came from, doesn't really
understand how this
craft could have
came from some other planet.
There was a lot of conjectures
going on within the Pentagon,
or within military-- it
wasn't the Pentagon then,
a War Department-- about
was it the Russians?
Was it-- could it
be the Chinese?
Where did this come from?
Or could it be a
revitalized Nazi element?
I mean, we knew the Nazis left.
We don't know
where they went to.
Some went to Brazil
and so forth.
So the military was
confused back then.
And there's a good
example of this.
Corso and some other people,
who, of course, passed away,
talked about this, talked about
why didn't the United States
government just come
forth and say, listen,
we just had a crash at Roswell.
We recovered an ET.
We recovered one of
these UFOs that Arnold
had spotted over the
Cascades in Washington.
Why didn't we just
come out and say this?
Well, we did.
We tried to.
And then somebody within the
government, the War Department,
saw that paper, that
newspaper article and said,
we can't do this because we
don't know where they came from
or what they are.
So we have to keep
this a secret.
And we, then, the government,
the War Department,
started a really aggressive
counterintelligence campaign
or disinformation
campaign to come out
with this weather balloon story,
which not many people realized
it, because every single
one of the weather balloons
were already accounted for.
There wasn't any missing
weather balloons.
That's one of the fallacies
that the government
forgot to cover up back
in that time period.
>>EMERY: Were they also trying
to cover up the technology?
>>DOTY: And the technology.
A lot of people within
Los Alamos wanted--
listen, don't disclose
this craft to anybody.
We want it because
the Soviets were in--
I mean, we were going to fight
a war, and a lot of people
projected that.
We still were worried about the
Nazis, even a couple of years
later.
So we wanted to guard,
protect this technology.
We got this spacecraft, this
UFO from we don't know where,
and now we're going to
take it to Los Alamos,
and we're going to go over
it with a fine-tooth comb
and try to reverse
engineer this stuff.
Little did we know
that we didn't
understand their technology.
Even if we had a
live ET in captivity,
he couldn't explain it to us.
So that's the beginning of
this disinformation campaign
by the United States government
that has carried on to today.
We've kept so many things
secret to the American public
or to the world over this
period of 70-some years.
How can we possibly
come out now and tell
the public everything we know?
Number one, we can't
because of the technology.
We don't want the Soviets--
or Russians, excuse
me-- and the Chinese
to know about them, although
they probably have their own.
We don't want to
scare the public.
What if we were to tell the
public we captured this ET.
His name is EBE 1.
And they have been visiting
Earth for 2,000 years.
What's the first thing that
the public's going to think?
Did they bring Jesus?
>>EMERY: Oh, right.
>>DOTY: What
happened to religion?
I mean, there's so many things
that would play into this.
Now we jump ahead forward
to today, or some--
the 2004 incident, or later
on the Roosevelt incident.
Here we got this
something flying around
in our atmosphere, defying our
technology, defying our radar.
Kevin Day said it
perfectly, that we had
no idea what this thing was.
We couldn't track it like we
could track anything else.
He knew what the Russians had.
He knew what the Chinese had.
They had tracked Russian
aircraft and Chinese aircraft
and North Korean aircraft.
They knew what they did.
They knew the technology
that were displayed.
But this thing, this Tic
Tac displayed technology
that they had never seen before.
So now what do we do?
Well, now they start this AATIP.
They try and investigate it.
And what's keeping them
from investigating?
That's one entity,
one small entity
within a conglomerate
of government
that already knows the story.
There's somebody up
here and somebody
over here that knows the story.
But everything is
so compartmented
that AATIP got a little bit
of information to run by,
and everything else
was closed to them.
>>EMERY: Could it
be disinformation?
>>DOTY: Yeah, it
could possibly--
>>EMERY: Could it
be one of ours?
>>DOTY: You know, there's
a lot of questions
about what happened
on the "Nimitz,"
the fact that the alert
aircraft weren't armed.
I mean, why-- somebody--
I mean, this guy talked-- he's
from Utah, he talks about this.
He was on the "Nimitz."
He talks about the
fact that normally,
even when doing war games,
they got two alert aircraft
that's armed with sidewinder
missiles, air-to-air missiles.
>>EMERY: Always.
>>DOTY: And they're always--
for some reason, somebody
came on the ship a day
before and told them, don't put
any armed aircraft on alert.
Why?
Why would they do-- why
would anybody say that?
>>EMERY: Unless they're
protecting something.
>>DOTY: The fleet commander,
Admiral, I believe--
I think they call it
the carrier commander
or whatever it was in the Navy.
Anyway, he questioned that,
but then he's just a one-star,
I guess.
And so when this
is all happening,
those planes took off.
But guess what?
They're not armed.
They can't shoot anything down.
That's my question right now.
And I've asked a lot
of people, and nobody
seems to know the answer to it.
>>EMERY: What a great
question and exposure.
>>TIM: I'm pretty sure that
this is some kind of false flag
operation.
Because the original
species that have developed
those Tic Tac UFOs,
which are the Greys,
has made it pretty
clear that they do not
access the air space of Earth
right now because there's
a global operation going on,
and they do not operate on Earth
directly right now.
So I'm-- also, the
questions you raised,
which is super fascinating.
I didn't know that the
military wasn't armed.
That's pretty interesting.
But also, the way
the Tic Tac behaved,
that it came to the
aircraft carrier,
kind of provocative
manner and disappearing.
And then playing this
kind of cat and mouse game
without doing anything else.
It just was some kind of,
I'm provoking the people
on the ship.
So they follow this craft.
And then doing this kind of
game so it gets on the records.
I'm pretty sure by
that, because that's--
the original species, the Greys,
they have no reason to do that.
Why should they play
those cat/mouse games
with some conventional
military when they are already
in contact with government?
They know all that stuff.
That is why I believe
it's a false flag in order
to bring out harmless,
but very profound
information to the public in
order to target the mainstream
public of Earth people,
while there are other target
groups, for example, the Gaia
audience who are well-informed,
and they get different
set of information.
>>EMERY: I really
agree with that.
Because number one,
the extraterrestrials,
if they don't want to be seen,
they're not going to be seen.
Number two, there is a--
and I've been in a couple
of these meetings in DC
where they are trying
to do a soft disclosure.
And this is a way to
show the public there
may be something
coming, even though we
don't know what it is.
What do you think, Rick?
>>DOTY: Well, what
came out later
was that there was a ship,
an unidentified ship.
It was a Navy ship, that pretty
sure was 10 to 12 miles away,
that the fleet ships didn't
have communications with.
Now, there's such a thing
as projection technology.
We have this.
It's been tested in
Nevada Test Site.
We actually saw it-- this
happen, out at Nellis Test
Range, where we're
able to project things
into the atmosphere.
We can fly these projections
in the atmosphere.
And it fools planes.
It's actually a
distraction for the enemy.
If we were to go into combat, we
put 1,000 different projections
up in the air,
and an enemy plane
coming in and seeing
all these planes,
they're going to turn
around and go away.
So we have-- it's called
projection technology,
where we can project something.
Now, was this "Nimitz"
Tic Tac something
that they were playing
against the "Nimitz" fleet?
Were they-- I
mean, I don't know.
I'm just-- that's the
question I'm asking.
Were they projecting?
What was this ship doing
10 or 12 miles away
that didn't have
contact with the fleet?
Nobody knows.
It comes out-- this guy in
Utah, who was on the-- he said,
we found this out the
next day there was just
this ship out there.
They think it was one of these
intelligence-gathering ships,
one of ours, that was
10, 12 miles away.
But what were they
doing out there
that we were trying
to communicate with,
but they weren't
communicating with us?
>>TIM: Also, do you think
that the material they put out
was kind of blurred
in post-production?
Because one thing
I was wondering,
and I'm not a military
guy so I don't know that.
Maybe you know that.
The video-- how can that be
state of the art video material
that is on a US
aircraft carrier?
Why is it black and
white and all blurry?
>>DOTY: Well, somebody--
I don't remember
if it was Kevin Day
or whether it was
a pilot was trying
to explain that when
they were capturing this,
they were on a
different frequency,
and they had to keep
changing something.
I don't remember.
I'm not technical.
I'm not a scientist, so
I don't remember what
they were trying to change.
And he tried to--
I think it was a pilot
that was trying to explain,
or it was the female
pilot was trying
to explain why it was that way.
And I don't remember
the full explanation.
But there was an
explanation for that.
>>TIM: I mean it looks totally
like a VHS from the '80s to me.
I've never been inside of any
military aircraft or something.
But I cannot imagine that
this is how it looks like.
Maybe not.
Someone knows.
>>DOTY: Well, there's skeptics
that said exact same thing,
that they bring gun site
footage from the Gulf War,
where it was clear as day--
>>TIM: 4K.
>>DOTY: --in 19
what? '91? '90, '91.
>>EMERY: 1990.
>>DOTY: Yeah, and-- of these
F whatever planes they were
and then comparing it.
There's a YouTube on
the internet about that,
and comparing it to the one
in the "Nimitz" and saying,
wait a minute.
Did our technology in
15 years go downhill?
Why is this so blurry
when this one isn't?
Yeah, that's a good question.
>>EMERY: Tim, we've gone
from Roswell to Tic Tac.
Where do you think
disclosure is going?
>>TIM: So from my
experience with how
governance and tactical
scenarios are set up,
I'd say that the current
situation that we have
has a significant fingerprint
or signature to it.
Also, things that
we have discussed
or people have discussed
like 10 years ago,
they show itself right now
everywhere in mainstream media
and all over the planet.
So I'm pretty sure
that we are right now,
and it's happening now,
the disclosure topic
as discussed right now
and brought to the public.
Not going too much into
detail what's happening,
but I would say that
there are different target
groups on planet Earth.
Some people have been
profoundly been informed
by experts on their fields.
I'd say that there is a
whole population, part
of the population, that
is very much affected
by those disinformation
campaigns over years.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: And they receive
different information,
different levels of information.
And I think I want to make that
pretty clear to the audience,
that when someone who's watching
this right now is really
well-informed, knows what's
happening, maybe for years,
and they are now getting in
contact with people who have
the first experience
with this topic,
people who were ridiculing that
topic like five years ago--
>>EMERY: A couple
of years ago, yeah.
>>TIM: Couple of years ago.
They are now saying, oh, yeah,
of course we're not alone
in the universe.
It's such an
enormous huge space.
Of course, there's something.
They get different information
compared to people like Gaia,
like the audience of Gaia.
You also need to
keep in mind that we
have a lack of personnel.
Because through this
enormous covert secrecy,
it's kind of hard
to recruit people.
And besides, like many different
reasons for disclosure,
one of them is to recruit
special new bodies,
new personnel for
what's going to happen.
And I think those will
be recruited differently,
compared to the
mainstream population that
only gets the first
experience on that topic.
>>EMERY: Rick, I have
a question for you.
Now, I've been
debriefed recently
about a disinformation
campaign of a soft exposure
of doing a fake extraterrestrial
crash in either the Gulf
of Mexico or the Atlantic, and
making it look like, oh, we now
know this and this is real.
Is this something the
government would do?
And on top of that, where
do you think this is going?
>>DOTY: Yes, I believe the
government would do that.
And I have had access of
actually one operation years
ago that we actually did that.
It was for a different reason,
but we staged a craft--
a crash.
And we staged an abduction
and so forth, and with people
who looked like ETs.
Anyway, so the government
has done it in the past.
And I wouldn't put it
past them in the future.
One of the problems we
have with disclosure,
and I want to get Tim's
observation on this, is we,
as a nation, we're the
United States of America.
We're powerful.
But we know one aspect
of this phenomena.
In order for disclosure,
I would think
that we would have to have the
cooperation of every country
in the world that has had
contact with extraterrestrials,
had captured an
extraterrestrial craft,
and has had communications
with the extraterrestrials.
It wouldn't do,
say, for instance,
South Africa any good if
they came forth and said,
you know what?
We're going to give
you disclosure.
It's not going to
do any good maybe
for the South African
people, but it
has to be done
worldwide, and it has
to be done not just
by the United States.
It has to be done
by every country.
And it would have to be
started and probably given
at the United Nations.
I just wondered what
Tim thinks about that.
>>TIM: Well, to
my understanding,
that is exactly
what has happened,
bringing all key players and
all nations together in secrecy.
But discussing that
topic of disclosure,
how it's going to happen and
when it's going to happen--
like for at least 10 years.
I think that the pressure,
the time pressure that is now
related to this
phenomenon, and there
are different other
influences why there
is time pressure on
that topic, is something
that brought people into a more
confirmative way of thinking
in order to bring that out.
And what we can see
right now is indeed,
and in fact, a global operation
that is happening everywhere.
I know from discussions that
there are different components
and different narratives
and different stories,
scenarios, so to speak,
that can be put out.
One of them could be, for
example, the efforts on Mars
that Chinese, I think
Japanese, I don't know,
but also, of
course, perseverance
from the United
States of America,
that they have all their robots
and rovers on Mars right now.
And one of the
scenarios could be
that something
passes the camera,
or they find something in order
to bring ancient life on Mars
into the discussion, which has
already occurred in Germany.
So there have been headlines
and also mainstream coverage.
It was totally normal to
speak about ancient life
on Mars, which is--
the way they put it out was
kind of surprising to me.
Because that is actually
a huge, huge release
to speak publicly
about, yeah, we
acknowledge there's
ancient life on Mars.
They've never done that before.
But the way they put it out,
or mainstream media coverage
is putting that out, it's
like it's no big deal.
It's something we acknowledged
a long time before.
There are different
other scenarios,
and I think it's either
misinformation or something
that might be decided quite
spontaneously in order what
is the situation right now.
And things could happen,
and we will definitely
see some more incidents
in the future.
But I think right now
we're at a stage where
people who had contacts,
encounters, and knowledge
are coming forward.
And we will see that in the
upcoming months, like a lot.
A lot more people will come
forward and expose things.
And slowly by slowly, and
also very specifically,
target groups on
this planet, they
get prepared until we have a
homogenous kind of structure.
>>DOTY: Tim, do you think we
have anything to worry about,
as far as the ET phenomena?
>>TIM: I think we have
some unsolved patterns that
show up on Earth.
And on this timeline,
the universe
is projecting that
in a bigger scale
in order to bring
more experiences
to those unsolved problems.
And through that, we're
going to decide things.
But I also think
that we're going
to have a huge take
upon best practice
examples in the universe.
And that will inspire
everything upon Earth
when we're talking about this
open scenario, open world,
open system scenario.
So I'm 70% optimistic
about everything.
And in the end, it will
eventually go right.
And there's a lot
of new experiences
to make, a lot of
interesting connections.
And the more open-hearted
we go outside in the world,
I believe, at least, that the
more we can inspire and learn
from each other.
>>DOTY: Very well said.
>>EMERY: Fantastic.
Well, once again, fellows, thank
you, Tim, and thank you, Rick,
for being on the show.
It's always very exciting
to have you here,
and I'm looking forward
to the next one.
>>TIM: Thank you, Emery.
>>DOTY: My pleasure.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Next on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>>EMERY: There's multiple
types of reptilians.
>> Just within our own galaxy,
we've got to have thousands
and thousands of civilized
species that are reptilian.
>>TIM: There had been some
effort to modify the genetics
of human people in order to
keep the level of evolution--
>> Oh, sure.
>> --very low.
>>EMERY: Is there any way they
could eventually turn a dial,
and all of a sudden, you
know, we do what they say?
[MUSIC PLAYING]